because if you ever proposed to
scandalize someone in particular that
exists for this purpose I remember what
last that was what was marcela
tub still in the program the recipe is
a poem that if we can not musicalize
old pendants
sowing herons eggs stalking
fixed twisted inside the
underpants yards
charon
pieces of masonry gauchos with a
only fixed egg from the changing rooms
jolts
crematoria pancakes black puddings
condoms prick 2 862 fixed per meter
classic physical square of the
Mormons and millions of piti lines
the bees and more fixed fixed black
roses with heavy roses smell of several
oiled kilos of doubles and not fixed
cold blandengues
it heals with flavors of guilt because they are
puts hard 3 or 4 pujas at noon 8 a
mid morning 3 or 4 for lunch and
during the afternoon nothing after there was much
opinion on that I am especially the
mother over the mother who is seen to have
I took some whiskeys I said while
take a web that touches the view to the
girl bring me a wiki and last night I saw the
program but that this horror things
He says
can be is the recited this boy
that it's called
tone yes but what a horror my god
would have been the channel like the plate in
that moment and it is not censorship is a
issue of education and lack of good
I liked that another I did not think I saw that ever
I can not repeat them on television
I'm even surprised that they have not
allowed not to think about censorship or
nothing ascension at dawn to taste because
they are rude tasteless rude
ordinary guarango and respectful and is a
excellent comedian tortonese while
Annoyed a lot told me that there
closed if it had been a directive
of the channel would have closed the program
at that time the air program did not
it was very bad and I think that after
he reflected shit said a fiction
Spartan I would love to get locked up
in an elevator with mirtha legrand and
recite an erotic poem generated because
what are you going to do is have this bad time
mental was or is not human to the contrary
I believe that intimacy she spends
better though in cameras maybe I do not know
animates but then there is shit laughing
what evil is there in the dove because it shits
without interrupting your flight and throwing us to the
shit on the ground I from now on more than the
Dove I will distrust and can hardly
I'm going to shit it too, so
take care of yourself dove so if there will be any for
attack because I will not have wings to fly
but I'll wait for you with a rubber band
full of shit and I 'm going to throw you the
next time you come to shit us